README.md, before:

# Pragmastat: Pragmatic Statistical Toolkit

Online version: https://pragmastat.dev/

This manual presents a unified statistical toolkit for reliable analysis of real-world data.
The toolkit
  nearly matches the efficiency of traditional statistical estimators under normality,
  maintains reasonable robustness against outliers,
  enables simple software implementations without advanced statistical libraries,
  and provides clear explanations accessible to practitioners without deep statistical training.
The toolkit consists of renamed, recombined, and refined versions of existing methods.
Written for mathematicians, software developers, and LLMs.

The manual is available in both PDF and web versions, along with implementations in Python, TypeScript, R, .NET, Kotlin, Rust, and Go.

## Repository Structure

- `manual`: Markdown sources of the manual with description of suggested practices and approaches
- `web`: A hugo-based website built from `manual`
- `pdf`: knitr-template to produce pdf from `manual`
- `img`: Autogenerated figures for light and dark themes
- `tests`: JSON files with reference tests
- `simulations`: CSV files with results of the reference simulations
- `build`: Build system for the whole repo (written in .NET),

Scripts run through `build.cmd` in the repository root
  (cross-platform script, it can be used on Linux/macOS).
Note: Windows support remains partial for some commands.

```sh
./build.cmd -h
./build.cmd img
./build.cmd pdf
./build.cmd web
./build.cmd dotnet pack
./build.cmd dotnet sim -h
./build.cmd r test
./build.cmd r check
./build.cmd r build
```

Commit message:

edition 3
- Introduced Breaking changes section and renamed several core concepts for clarity.
- Renamed distributions: Additive (Normal), Multiplic (Log-Normal), Power (Pareto).
- Changed primary measures: Center replaces Mean, Spread replaces StdDev, Disparity replaces Cohen’s d.
- Added new section on Distributions (Additive, Multiplic, Exponential, Power, Uniform).
- Added new section on Properties (Breakdown, Drift, Invariance).
- Reworked statistical efficiency into new Drift framework.
- Added new Methodology section (assumptions → conditions, efficiency → drift).
- Added Algorithms section with O(n log n) implementations of Center and Spread.
- Expanded Studies with updated proofs and examples, including new Drift-based analysis.
- Revised Introductory material (Desiderata, Primer, Definitions) for consistency and clarity.
- Updated estimator definitions with complexity notes, asymptotic behavior, and improved domain clarifications.
- Marked Disparity explicitly as “robust effect size” throughout.

README.md, after:

# Pragmastat: Pragmatic Statistical Toolkit

Online version: https://pragmastat.dev/

This manual presents a toolkit of statistical procedures that
  provide reliable results across diverse real-world distributions,
  enable simple software implementations without advanced statistical libraries,
  and are accompanied by clear explanations accessible to practitioners.
The toolkit consists of renamed, recombined, and refined versions of existing methods.
Written for software developers, mathematicians, and LLMs.

The manual is available in both PDF and web versions, along with implementations in Python, TypeScript, R, .NET, Kotlin, Rust, and Go.

## Repository Structure

- `manual`: Markdown sources of the manual with description of suggested practices and approaches
- `web`: A hugo-based website built from `manual`
- `pdf`: knitr-template to produce pdf from `manual`
- `img`: Autogenerated figures for light and dark themes
- `tests`: JSON files with reference tests
- `simulations`: CSV files with results of the reference simulations
- `build`: Build system for the whole repo (written in .NET),

Scripts run through `build.cmd` in the repository root
  (cross-platform script, it can be used on Linux/macOS).
Note: Windows support remains partial for some commands.

```sh
./build.cmd -h
./build.cmd img
./build.cmd pdf
./build.cmd web
./build.cmd dotnet pack
./build.cmd dotnet sim -h
./build.cmd r test
./build.cmd r check
./build.cmd r build
```
